---
layout: "update"
title: "Welcome to Student Life"
date: 2017-08-27
thumbnail: "/static/uploads/welcome_to_student_life.jpg"
author: Siobhan Smith
tags:
  - "other"
intro: |
  Around this time of year at St Columba’s, we get all excited at the prospect of getting to know a whole new group of people who are moving into the city to begin their college or university studies.
  We know that your student years can be incredibly pivotal in your life.
  This is your time to carve out a new life and we hope it will be a happy one, but more than anything, we hope that it will be one which brings you closer to Christ.
---

<p>Around this time of year at St Columba’s, we get all excited at the prospect of getting to know a whole new group of people who are moving into the city to begin their college or university studies.</p><p>We know that your student years can be incredibly pivotal in your life. For many of you, it will be the first time you’ve lived away from your family, and for some it may be the first time you’ve lived abroad. This is your time to carve out a new life and we hope it will be a happy one, but more than anything, we hope that it will be one which brings you closer to Christ. Whatever your feelings about it (excitement or dread), know that when you’re a new student you’re joining a community of people who are experiencing/have experienced a lot of the same things.</p><p>In our community at St Columba’s, we have a rather wonderful group of students (if we do say so ourselves), and a few of them have offered some of their own tips and advice about their experience of student life in Edinburgh.<br></p><hr><p>“I would definitely recommend trying out a few churches – there are lots of good ones! But for me, I felt very welcome at St Columba's, and knew it was a place I could grow spiritually, listen to excellent biblical sermons every week and have opportunities to serve. Being a student in a church is great – you are looked after very well and have loads of chances to get involved in the life of the church. I would however advise against getting caught up in a Christian bubble. It’s easy to spend most of your time with your new friends from church and CU (Christian Union), but don’t forget to make good friendships with non-Christians from your course or halls, you will have some amazing evangelistic opportunities with people around during your time at university.”</p><p style="text-align: right;" rel="text-align: right;"><br>Dave<br>5th year at Edinburgh University<br></p><hr><p>“Edinburgh is such an incredible city to live and study in! There are so many things to do and whilst it can be slightly overwhelming with all these new opportunities, my advice would be not to feel like you need to do everything immediately – you have plenty of time! Take time to get to know people, create new friendships and enjoy making Edinburgh your home.”</p><p style="text-align: right;">Mairi<br>2nd year at Edinburgh University<br></p><hr><p>“Homesickness is really tough. Just remember God is always with you and try and focus on the good things about living away and don't let opportunities pass. Don't be surprised if you haven't settled straight away – change takes a while to get used to. Cook in bulk! It's easier than cooking one portion at a time, plus you can freeze leftovers and defrost a portion on days you're feeling lazy.”</p><p style="text-align: right;">Eilidh<br>4th year at Edinburgh University<br></p><hr><p>“Welcome to Old Reekie!</p><p>Edinburgh is a great city to be a young Christian. There is a huge family of students who are enjoying lives lived well for Jesus, connected through Churches and Christian Unions and so much more that’s always happening. Getting involved in church and CU is great way to find friends and support in a new city.</p><p>Personal Edinburgh advice: bring a good coat or two. I’m from the frozen north of Scotland and found Edinburgh a bit nippy. If, however, you like to warm up with coffee you’re sorted for that in Edinburgh. There’s few community cafés I’ve found where you can get good quality stuff and be supporting local community projects at the same time: <a href="http://grassmarket.org/cafe/" target="_blank">Grassmarket Community project Café</a> – Supports vulnerable adults. <a href="http://www.edinburghcommunitycafes.org.uk/cafe-connect.html" target="_blank">Café Connect</a> – Community Café handy for Napier Merchiston Campus . <a href="https://www.facebook.com/CafeontheMound" target="_blank">Café on the Mound</a> – Linked to Edinburgh Theological Seminary (the Free Church’s college) – 20% student discount!”</p><p style="text-align: right;">Fergus<br>2nd year at Napier University<br></p><hr><p>“If you choose to come to St Columba's, the diverse demographic within the church provides countless opportunities to get involved in different ministries, ensuring integration and spiritual growth. A few which I was involved in were: City Groups (which is like a smaller local group you meet up with on a Wednesday night for bible study), Kids’ Church (on Sunday mornings) and Identity (the student group who meet up every Sunday night). I’d also recommend joining the guys/girls footie teams, getting stuck into Identity, paying China Red a visit, joining in on Saturday courses run by Edinburgh Theological Seminary or helping out at the General Assembly. Go and travel the world if you feel like it and please chat to all the gems at St Columba's who will make your time in Edinburgh that little bit greater.”</p><p style="text-align: right;">Tara<br>2nd year at Heriot Watt University<br></p><hr><p>So there you have it, our very own St Columba's students advice, from cooking in bulk and where to get a good coffee, to taking the time to serve in church while avoiding living in a ‘Christian bubble’. As Dave said, we’re massively blessed in Edinburgh with so many great churches, so do aim to get involved with one - even if it isn’t us. If you think that you would like to visit St Columba's, our Identity (student ministry) leaders would love to welcome you personally. You can contact them via email using <a href="mailto:siobhan.smith@stcsfc.org">siobhan.smith@stcsfc.org</a>, or ask for them after any service. <br>You can also read a bit more about Identity <a href="https://stcolumbas.freechurch.org/connect/teams">here</a>.</p><p>Do enjoy our beautiful city of Edinburgh! And remember God’s words in Joshua 1:9:</p><p style="text-align: center;">"Have I not commanded you? Be strong and courageous. Do not be frightened, and do not be dismayed, for the Lord your God is with you wherever you go."</p>
