---
layout: headline
title: "Identity - Students and Young Workers!"
author: Rowan Logan
date: 2020-08-16T16:00:24.865Z
thumbnail: /static/uploads/identity.jpg
tags:
  - identity
intro: The opportunity to establish your own identity is part of what makes moving to a new city as a student or young worker so exciting.
---

The opportunity to establish your own identity is part of what makes moving to a new city as a student or young worker so exciting.
At St Columba’s, our student and young workers group, Identity, aims to equip you with what you need to live out your identity as a child of God in Edinburgh (Romans 8:16) and to be a disciple-maker wherever you are.

> The Spirit himself bears witness with our spirit that we are children of God,
> Romans 8:16

Usually we meet together every Sunday, alternating each week between lunchtime and evening sessions.
These offer the chance to build and develop friendships, and a talk which aims to answer a ‘big question’ or issue facing young Christians in today’s world, with follow-up discussion on the topic.
Whether this runs as normal, in small groups or online, we hope that Identity will help you to grow in your love for Jesus, and equip you to live out your faith.

If you’re a student or young worker hoping to move to Edinburgh in the next few months, we’d love for you to join us as St Columba’s!
Our services are being livestreamed online only until the end of August, but we are meeting again in person from September.
We meet at 11am each Sunday, and we’d love to welcome you to join us.
Due to government restrictions, if you are planning on visiting us in September then it would be a huge help if you could please sign up in advance.
It’s super easy - just click here [stcsfc.org/september](https://stcsfc.org/september) and we’ll make sure and keep a seat for you! 

If you have any questions about what being a student or young worker at St Columba’s looks like, email Rowan [rowan.corrigan@stcolumbas.freechurch.org](mailto:rowan.corrigan@stcolumbas.freechurch.org).

<a
    class="inline-block px-4 py-3 hover:shadow-2xl text-xl hover:bg-stcs-footer-bg1" 
    style="color: #e02039!important; text-decoration: none;"
    href="https://stcsfc.org/september" target="_blank">
    Sign up to attend services
</a>
